Adapted documentation structure (#41)
team-simplay/SimPlay: docs/source/in_depth.rst

SimPlay in depth
============================================

> How to setup a simulation and how to work with processes is explained in :doc:`quickstart`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to a simulation is set up, and how to work with processes is explained in :doc:`quickstart`.
```
